
Name
- Tomio Ueda

City and State of residence (Country if other than United States)
- Santa Clara, CA

Occupation
- Test Engineer

Schools attended and degrees received
- BA in Music Technology at California Institute of the Arts

Major courses of study
- Analog Synthesizer Design (MI400-1 and MI400-2)
- Capitol Records Mastering (Interim)
- Low-Level Digital Signal Processing (MI280)
- Interface Design for Music and Media (MI330A and MI330B)
- Advanced Programming Techniques in ChucK (Interim)
- Synthesis (MI150)

Prior experience in the field of computer programming
- Some classes teaching music-based programming languages like ChucK (see above) and taught myself Python

Reasons for taking this course
- Would like to excel further in my career path as a test engineer and be able to implement smarter architectural designs in automated test systems like AI and hopefully machine learning. I am taking this course to brush up on lower-level languages (vs. Python) to eventually learn about data structures and algorithms. Furthermore, I would also like to attend graduate school at UC Berkeley and learn from the professors that are forging paths in AI/machine learning.

Please provide any other information that you feel will help me tailor my comments to fit your needs.
- Any guidance towards what it would take to get into UC Berkeley for graduate school would be great. 




!!!Who was the creator of the C language and when was it created?
- Dennis Ritchie

What is the name of the one function that every C program must contain?
- main

!!!Which of the following are C keywords?
    int
    static
    STATIC
    main
- 

Identify the errors in the code below. Rewrite and submit the program without errors:
#include "std.ioh"
main
{
   int x=10.5; 
   float z=21,000; 
   printf('x = %f y = %f/n', y, x);          
}
- Answer below:


What would be a safe (and portable) type for a variable that will contain an integer variable that will range from -50,000 to + 123,000?
- 

What is the difference between high level programming languages and machine code?
-

Write a printf statement that outputs the phrase "To be continued" and then advances to the next page (aka performs a form feed).
-

What is the name of the standard library that printf() and scanf() are associated with and must be included in the program using them?
-

What file extension should every C program use?
- .c

Find out how many bytes of storage your compiler requires for each of the following data types:
    int
    short
    long
    float
    double
- Answers below:
    int = 
    short = 
    long = 
    float = 
    double = 

